thirsty elephants often race into pools
the matriarch knows that her family must
not rush Amy
this pool is stagnant and the elephants
have a trick that deals with that
sediment settles to the bottom and the
cleaner fresher water lies on the
surface they skim it carefully from the
top then as gently as elephants can they
move forward slowly trying not to
disturb the stagnant layers
but precious water like this draws in
herds from far and wide in the
exuberance of a greeting all their
careful work is undone
when Bulls are forced together by the
need for water tempers can flare
[Music]
you can see how the younger wolves are
excited by the arrival of their father
storm
these younger wolves are his pups from
previous years in fact they still look
at his mouth to be fed like they did
when they were small
[Music]
it's so rare to see this I feel very
lucky
[Music]
but then my eye in the sky spots a black
bear approaching the den
I see it before the Wolves do they don't
realize the approaching threat while the
black bear would be hard-pressed to take
on an adult it could be after the pups
[Music]
every time the bear tries to go into the
trees where the pop star storm bites him
in the rear forcing the bear to turn
back to face
[Music]
by working together a combination of
pushing from behind and leading him on
storm in his offspring get the bear away
from the dead
I think that bears just as happy as the
Wolves to be out of there you've got pot
vehicles coming through
trucks loaded up with charcoal and
that's why America it's just so tense
about crossing the road with just him
fine so he's just waiting nervously for
a quiet time to cross with these all
family I feel for him after 20 minutes
we take matters into our own hands and
Lambert stops the traffic no vehicle
that's confidence for you with Chima
Nuka in charge the orphan morali is
confident enough to venture out whoa Oh
fantastic oh my gosh look at this the
whole movie era and his mother are
almost the last ones to break cover and
scamper over absolute confident stick
with all the youngsters across safely
Jimmy Lucca can stop being the lollipop
man the boss showing us that despite
there's a road running through this is
still his jungle
it's a great relief to see the whole
family across the road and safety this
area is more densely forested than the
sections we've been in before
it's criss crossed with gorilla trails
so there are clearly other families
around and Moo guru cos arrival just
adds to the numbers
maybe thumbs oh my water right down onto
the road
amazing he didn't even know I thought
maybe stop a bit bit reluctant but cause
he came meters for me to see him out in
the open like that you see how big he is
amazing
Marco gather for their annual wraps
males must fight for the right to breed
but on these sheer cliffs any slip by
either animal could be fatal
[Applause]
a Snow Leopard the rarest of Himalayan
animals it's a female returning to her
lair
[Music]
these are the first intimate images of
Snow Leopard ever filmed in the world
[Music]
she greets her one-year-old cut
our den is well chosen it has
exceptional views of the surrounding
cliffs on these treacherous slopes no
hunter other than a snow leopard would
have a chance of catching such agile
prey
[Music]
a female with young makes an easier
target
[Music]
a large pores give an excellent grip and
that long tail helps her balance
[Music]
silently she positions herself above her
Prairie
[Music]
[Applause]
SBN is coming right up to me
unfortunately
it ignores the seals breathing hole and
heads straight for me
it's why I've come here to see these
animals to get to understand them see
them up close hey bear oh my god hey
bear
[Music]
the Bears nose is thousands of times
more powerful than mine it's gathering
information before it approaches like it
would when stalking a seal my scent is
strongest at the weakest point the door
its systematically trying from all
angles one of the few animals that
actually see us as food the Bears nose
has led it to a gap you can sniff me god
I could have actually touched his nose
a basis for flexing and yeah I can feel
oh not sure if I like that
not sure if that's good
our best bet would be to get a full week
on top of it just like she does when
she's making into seal layers and push
[Music]
okay don't go on top
tops dangerous like it's just toning
above me if I was to be standing side by
side with this animal maybe about seven
feet tall
hey beer everytime she pushes everytime
she exerts a little bit of force use it
using up Karlie's is there anything
worth eating here
is there anything worth using up energy
for inside the rest definitely me
once it realizes it's too difficult to
get in the polar bear moves off
I'm definitely at this point my fear far
away is my fascination this is closer to
polar bear though if I ever imagined I'd
ever get
I thought something I don't want to do
again in honey
[Music]